Q2.

1.Introduction
Ticket Booking system is ticket booking system that provides a single
platform to ticket booking. Unless individuals step into the travel agent business to purchase
tickets and also to check the timing as int the previous point.

1.1 Purpose
The launch of online ticket booking system addresses the issue. This application would provide clients with 
an option to book tickets online and to search online for confirmation. 
Customers can book airline tickets, buy ticket,train ticket.

1.2 Scope
The scope of this application will be within the borders of republic of India. Customer with internet access 
can view,book and check status of the ticket from any placein India.



2. Users
Users of this application will be 
i.customer
ii. Admin
iii. Railway employees 
iv. Airline employees





3. Functional requirements

3.1.View all the services: When customer will access the application customer must be able to view all the services 
provides by the application. Customer won't require any registration to view services
  
3.2 Registration: Before booking ticket customermust register himself/herself to on the application. 
Customer must have to provide user name and password to his account before successfull registartion

3.3 Login: Our customer must  provide username and password while logging in. 
After login he or she must be able to book tickets.  

3.4 Search: Customer must be able to search train or flight details  by the name of destination, and date.
Customer will provide destination name and date in application and he will be able to view all details of flight or train.

3.5 Select: After searching for way of transport and the date, he must be able to select the way of transport and the date of journey
then customer will be asked to login if he or she has not logged in before. Then he will be able to book ticket.

3.6 Payment:  After selecting the ticket the customer will be redirected to the payment gateway and he will pay the price 
amount of ticket.

3.7 Receipt Generation: After making payment application system will generate the reciept of payment.  

3.8 Ticket Generation: After payment ticket will be generated with the name of customer and the 
pdf of ticket will be provided to customer. 

3.9 Filght/Train status: Customer must be able to check the status of way of transport.

3.10 Cancel ticket: Customer must be able to cancel the ticket and recieve refund with some charges.







4. Non-functional Requirements
4.1. Capacity: Application must be able to handle the request of the logged acount smoothly and flawleassly.

4.2. Dynamic requirements: Application must able to handle the load during festival or holiday time. 
Application  will provide the smooth service to customer in the high load situation also

 
4.4. Reliability: Application must be reliable it must operable and will provide the good service 
in any condition. 

4.5. Availability: Application must be able to srve 24x7.

4.6. Security: Application must be secured from malware and demon code injections.
 
4.7. Maintainability: Application must be able to prvide UI to the admin and transport employee to maintain the website.




































